So let's go ahead and move on to the next step, and that's clustering.
So now we want to be able to cluster these obstacles into different- basically,
we want to figure out all the unique vehicles on the road so we can track them over time,
predict how they're going to be moving,
feed that to the sensor fusion pipeline with the radar information,
and be able to have some estimation for how those objects are moving in our space.
So here are the results of clustering;
this alternating between three colors,
with these red, yellow, and blue.
So next, you're just going to go ahead and call
that clustering function to go ahead and try out some different parameters.
You might remember, what are the parameters for doing our clustering here.
Well, that big one was the distance tolerance that we're working with.
Then also, we have these additional ones for setting a min and max size clusters.
So maybe we can make some use of out of that here where we're seeing some points.
It's scattered off in the edge.
Maybe we can use some of those hyper parameters with min size to clean those up,
or maybe there's something we can do with that distance tolerance as well.